Wait an interesting ideaaa... whenever I mastered a skill, there would be a specifc ai that replaced me in the task. There will be a frequent evaluation for me to asses if I should keep relying on AI whether I still capable on doint it or not. If my skill or mastery is regressing, then I have to keep up to rely on AI again.

In the case for blender:
If it happen that I do make AI generate its own model, AI should frequently assess me first if im even capable of doing thatThe system should provide me only raw data and it is up to me to interpret it

Ex. If there is pattern in how people approach me, AI will only recommend me that data, it is up to me if there meaning behind it or not. I will be the one processing itClms published app can act as verifier to authors to avoid piracy 

Can be through subscription

The system should provide me only raw data and it is up to me to interpret it

Ex. If there is pattern in how people approach me, AI will only recommend me that data, it is up to me if there meaning behind it or not. I will be the one processing it

Clms published app can act as verifier to authors to avoid piracy 

Can be through subscription


This are the thoughts that I had yesterday, I hadn't written in this journal at that time since it went to bed early. However, I believe I still fell asleep at around 3. Such a tiring moment for me. However during that time, so many ideas have been going through my mind. Here's the list of it

-A credit card connected to phone which you can deactivate if it got lost
-Data center in space to  save water since it is cooler there (I know water recycles but this idea still cool)
-CLMS will help authors and publishers as the app will provide a platform for them and will get paid through subscription
	-This will come from schools partnering with clms to offer it to students
	-With student email account,
-I believe the concept of socialism has connection with the concept of github and open source
	-With this idea, this can be also applied to businesses, but the answer is how to get profit from it?
	-I intuitively think socialism will innovate a country
-I also had this philosophy that do not rely on technology if you can't do it yourself first


